Disable payload compression for localhost (#518)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/transport.md

- zlib data format (`Content-Encoding: deflate`)
- gzip data format (`Content-Encoding: gzip`)

Agents MUST compress the HTTP payload, optimising for speed over compactness (typically known as the "best speed" level).
If the host part of the APM Server URL is either `localhost`, `127.0.0.1`, `::1`, or `0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1`, agents SHOULD disable compression.
To do so, agents can either completely omit calling the compression library and remove the `Content-Encoding` header,

> or simply use the compresion level `NO_COMPRESSION`.

Author: This could become an issue when https://github.com/elastic/apm-aws-lambda/issues/71 is implemented. The extension would potentially perceive the data as being compressed as the `Content-Encoding` is `deflate`. This would lead to the data being sent to APM Server uncompressed.

Reviewer: Where "This" is `simply use the compresion level NO_COMPRESSION`? Ah, right. I had to re-familiarize myself here. With `NO_COMPRESSION` there will still be the compression header and footer bytes (at least with gzip), so the `Content-Encoding` header must still be specified.

Perhaps expressly disallow using the `NO_COMPRESSION` option for this reason?

Reviewer: I'd mentioned yesterday that turning off compression in the Node.js APM agent might be a pain. Don't worry about that for this spec. I can replace the compression stream with a "PassThrough" stream, which should be pretty straightforward.

Author: I'm leaning towards explicitly disallowing `NO_COMPRESSION` for that reason.

@trentm, you mentioned this would make it tricky to implement it in the Node.js agent. Any thoughts?
Note that this is an optional part of the spec (SHOULD).

> To do so, agents can either completely omit calling the compression library and remove the `Content-Encoding` header,
> or simply use the compresion level `NO_COMPRESSION`.

Author: ```suggestion

Agents MUST NOT use the compression level `NO_COMPRESSION` to disable compression.
That's because the [Lambda extension](https://github.com/elastic/apm-aws-lambda/tree/astorm/docs/apm-lambda-extension) would otherwise consider the data as being compressed (due to the `Content-Encoding` header) and send data to APM Server that's actually uncompressed.
```

Agents MUST compress the HTTP payload, optimising for speed over compactness (typically known as the "best speed" level).
If the host part of the APM Server URL is either `localhost`, `127.0.0.1`, `::1`, or `0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1`, agents SHOULD disable compression.

Agents MUST NOT use the compression level `NO_COMPRESSION` to disable compression.

> That's because the [Lambda extension](https://github.com/elastic/apm-aws-lambda/tree/astorm/docs/apm-lambda-extension) would otherwise consider the data as being compressed (due to the `Content-Encoding` header) and send data to APM Server that's actually uncompressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's because the [Lambda extension](https://github.com/elastic/apm-aws-lambda/tree/main/apm-lambda-extension) would otherwise consider the data as being compressed (due to the `Content-Encoding` header) and send data to APM Server that's actually uncompressed.
```

- zlib data format (`Content-Encoding: deflate`)
- gzip data format (`Content-Encoding: gzip`)

> Agents MUST compress the HTTP payload, optimising for speed over compactness (typically known as the "best speed" level).

Reviewer 2: Would this be better off as a SHOULD instead of a MUST?  I'd be concerned about languages that might not have access to the best speed level, or higher level language where some quirk of their glue code led to unintended perf. issues outside the compression algorithm itself.

> Agents MUST compress the HTTP payload, optimising for speed over compactness (typically known as the "best speed" level).

Author: ```suggestion
Agents MUST compress the HTTP payload and SHOULD optimize for speed over compactness (typically known as the "best speed" level).
```
